everyone and everyone and welcome to the channel
today's video is a collaboration with
friend and blog on youtube Tania
butterflies in the closet
hola que tal soy tania channel
youtube butterflies in the closet and today
is there a video where I'm going to teach
all the things that I usually get down to
Pool or beach in my beach bag
Then I finished watching the video friend
patrick I invite you to spend for me
channel to see the same video that we've
done both in collaboration we hope
that you like it very much and welcome
here is my carrycot which is the one that
use since relatively recently
I bought it on the beach has raffia and
is lined with fabric inside and today
teaching this beach I take my lola
a plastic waterproof cool
which is from a little bottle of a collection
of marc some sunglasses is very
important to protect your eyesight go in your
public jordi recording as well as very
good I usually wear a little dress in this
Case is a white dress by Jordi
black labanda I already know that black is not the
most suitable color but I like it because
It also has a little bit of manga in case
I notice that it is getting too much sun
to not stay because I can not
put on and also covers me enough to
the time to go down but I also use
camisole and a hat to protect us
of the heat this from now what
you can find in h & m a little packet of
Kleenex
to entertain me a good book and my
mobile that to protect it always ground
bring this type of covers these
away it cost me three or four euros and what
What it does is to protect the case very well
so that water does not enter
besides that the good music would go the
mobile with our headphones a
purse for house keys and a
Dream boat and bobble bike for
make a bun so I can pick up the
hair and a brush mirror of these that I
they like a lot because you can see and
besides, you get your hair and
truth that occupies is very comfortable as
you can see it as in thousand spaces this one
do you apply her perfume of
lancaster that I like a lot and is that
it smells planet to beach is that the beach
has an incredible smell does not carry alcohol
and the truth that is very well I have
these two selected products that
I'm going to wear this is the mask without
clarified mercadona deliplus that
I always buy it every year
I buy especially used it when you see
already pretty damaged hair
the other cases and when I have a wait
more or less pretty clean floor
use this type of style in this case
is from lancaster I use it because the sun
It also damages the hair and although it is not
had in my case if you like it harms
we can even the pool the best
you can get a greenish tone not always
it's very nice then you have to
protect the lips hair this is
a gloss that I have been using true
time maybe the packaging is not the same
from the ancón and it works very well is
important to protect them and have them
always in a hydrated creeds a
basic for the heat but both in the
beach the pool as to take in the
bag the thermal water you would live you will think
thermal water value in this case yes that
I want to insist a little bit about this water
thermal is very special is the most
concentrated market that means
that moisturizes that leaves it feeling
sticky to the beach for what is the
solar aggression I really like this one
by the way before determining and
show you what sun protection is
both the face and
the body wanted to tell you what it is
sunscreen because maybe there's
people who do not know it too much
sun protection is the way in which
we protect ourselves from the sun what
we take any protector worth and see
50 or 50 plus or 10 or 20 the first for
know the time that protects us said
products is seeing the type of skin that
we have then we are very clear
example I have a clear skin type
and if we had a darker complexion
very easy to tan
we have the same dark for example
in my case, I have a prototype
Of course that means I have more
ease to burn then in a
case if I will not use any kind of
sunscreen things that ever
we should do it would burn me in ten
minutes what happens if I use a
fotoprotector del 20 what I'm going to do
is to extend that time so as not to burn
that would be 20 times 10 and it would be 200
minutes that I have protection that
as long as we do not bathe or
we give the product then those would be
the clear prototypes in the prototypes
dark we would take a little longer in that
more we would take 20 minutes then
if we used a protector, well
of 20 would be 20 x 20 400 minutes of
protection that we would have the first
application that's why it's important to renew
the application and therefore also many
Sometimes it is very important to use a
protection rather high the fact of
use a protection before you do not want
say that we're not going to tan and
that please is very important to use
always sunscreen after
development that the result but what
I feel
I had to tell you, let's start
with the face shields
I advise I like these two very much
this is one since the water course is
created based on water has a hand
to talk to pools as
guzmán protector I like a lot and not
It gives no fat is very comfortable indeed
It even hydrates and leaves the face very well
this protector that I have it from before
of holy week that is also
50 protection but that has the 50 plus
of vichy if what it does is make us
let's throw before and also let the tone be
as more beautiful than many you also want
to prove it is from this texture test
cream
although I create many things in the bag
that I like many times and depending
in it is to change texture and use
and several for the body I like not
too much the texture cream I'm very fan
of the oils
of the buses of what are the
light textures low zones then
for the body I wanted to teach you
products
the first is that you have to make mergers
that is in tune with the previous one that
it has been taught that this town hall is
perfusion water that I like a lot
because he has 50 protection I always
I use protection 50 in the legs
I have a lot of facility to burn
in the rest of the body he usually uses 30
and when I'm much more granted then
it is better winter in this case I like
a lot because he has a scatter that is
very comfortable and that I'm great if bag
nothing then if I go alone to the beach and
for my boy how texture is kind
spray is worth and protects a lot because it is
very comfortable you know that the guys I
I have to go behind me guys
as crazy then good because this me
I like it a lot and for when I go alone as
It goes very well to any part of the
body I also loved I loved you
teach this how good there is a post from
Last year look where you are that is
of arteries that is the pose that I
love left me a beautiful tone the year
past
clear look where is it then I'm going
to bring this I have to finish
obviously and it is also that I like
a lot and in that same line I have many
I want to try this one that is clarins
that has a very good looking oil
protection cover 30 high and
It also serves for hair then
good depending on the day of the quantity
of points that you want to carry
better this one also because you can save on
some of the hair in some
given moment and this is all that I
I take to the beach are quite a few things
also depending on the day of the
need of what I will do next
because I carry more things I take less things or
of the amount of time I go to
I hope you like it a lot
video I encourage you again
when you pass through the tania channel and
see what brings her a little kiss and
see you in the next video
see you later